assignment_notes.md, before:

# Assignment notes for static site builder

## Current Assignment:

### Write a function:
```python
def text_node_to_html_node(text_node):
```
- It should handle each type of the TextType enum. If it gets a TextNode that is none of those types, it should raise an exception.

- TextType.TEXT: This should become a LeafNode with no tag, just a raw text value.
- TextType.BOLD: This should become a LeafNode with a "b" tag and the text
- TextType.ITALIC: "i" tag, text
- TextType.CODE: "code" tag, text
- TextType.LINK: "a" tag, anchor text, and "href" prop
- TextType.IMAGE: "img" tag, empty string value, "src" and "alt" props ("src" is the image URL, "alt" is the alt text)

- Add some tests.
- Run and submit the tests from the root of the project.

ERROR: test_textnode_to_htmlnode_no_type (test_htmlnode.TestHTMLNode)
pass a None TextType to the function
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "/home/blaze/Workspace/github.com/ablueblaze/static_site_gen_bootdev/src/test_htmlnode.py", line 203, in test_textnode_to_htmlnode_no_type
    node = TextNode('test from the node', TextType.CAPS)
  File "/usr/lib/python3.10/enum.py", line 437, in __getattr__
    raise AttributeError(name) from None
AttributeError: CAPS

Commit message:

created md_to_html_utilities
Idea started
Still needs functionality finalized

Tests need to be made

assignment_notes.md, after:

# Assignment notes for static site builder

## Current Assignment:

### Assignment

- Create a new function (I put this in a new code file, but you can organize your code as you please):
```python
def split_nodes_delimiter(old_nodes, delimiter, text_type):
```
It takes a list of "old nodes", a delimiter, and a text type. It should return a new list of nodes, where any "text" type nodes in the input list are (potentially) split into multiple nodes based on the syntax. For example, given the following input:
```python
node = TextNode("This is text with a `code block` word", TextType.TEXT)
new_nodes = split_nodes_delimiter([node], "`", TextType.CODE)
```
It returns:
```python
[
    TextNode("This is text with a ", TextType.TEXT),
    TextNode("code block", TextType.CODE),
    TextNode(" word", TextType.TEXT),
]
```
The beauty of this function is that it will take care of inline code, bold, and italic text, all in one! The logic is identical, the delimiter and matching text_type are the only thing that changes, e.g. ** for bold, * for italic, and a backtick for code. Also, because it operates on an input list, we can call it multiple times to handle different types of delimiters. The order in which you check for different delimiters matters, which actually simplifies implementation.

- Write a bunch of tests. Be sure to test various types of delimiters.
- Run and submit the tests from the root of the project.
